[BD-4548] BrazeAI docs overhaul (#9476)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/brazeai/predictive_suite/prediction_quality.md

{% details Prediction quality example %}

For example, if 20% of your users usually churn on average, and you pick a random subset of 20% of your users and label them as churned at random (whether they truly are or not), you'd expect to correctly identify only 20% of the actual churners. That's random guessing. If the model were to only do that well, the lift would be 1 for this case.

> If the model, on the other hand, allowed you to message 20% of the users and, in doing so capture all the "true" churners and no one else, the lift would be 100% / 20% = 5. If you chart this ratio for every proportion of the likeliest churners you could message, you get the [Lift Curve](https://towardsdatascience.com/the-lift-curve-unveiled-998851147871). 

Reviewer: Link doesn't work: https://towardsdatascience.com/the-lift-curve-unveiled-998851147871

Author: ```suggestion
If the model, on the other hand, allowed you to message 20% of the users and, in doing so capture all the "true" churners and no one else, the lift would be 100% / 20% = 5. If you chart this ratio for every proportion of the likeliest churners you could message, you get the [Lift Curve](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lift_(data_mining)). 
```
